[ci-fix] Add docs for two common LintDiff errors in TypeSpec specs (#29416)
Azure/azure-rest-api-specs: documentation/ci-fix.md

Which causes error `XmsEnumValidation`.  The recommended workaround is to add `omit-unreachable-types: true` to your `tspconfig.yaml`.

### `ProvisioningStateMustBeReadOnly`

The root cause is bugs in `azure-openapi-validator` and `oav`:

https://github.com/Azure/azure-openapi-validator/issues/637
https://github.com/Azure/oav/issues/848

The recommended workaround is to add `use-read-only-status-schema: true` to your `tspconfig.yaml`.

### `PatchBodyParameterSchema`

The root cause is a bug in typespec-azure:

https://github.com/Azure/typespec-azure/issues/383.

> The workaround in this issue should be applied to the spec TypeSpec sources.  The LintDiff error should **not** be ignored or suppressed.

Reviewer: Should we re-word this to say that the workaround can be found in the linked issue? Just to make it a little more obvious for folks? I see Mark suggested a workaround in this comment: https://github.com/Azure/typespec-azure/issues/383#issuecomment-2038378469

Author: Fine with me, but can you suggest the exact alternate wording you would use?

Reviewer: Maybe something like:
```suggestion
Please see the issue above for the suggested workaround and apply it directly to the spec TypeSpec sources.  The LintDiff error should **not** be ignored or suppressed.
```
